It's during the empire.
and then we booked them the next day and I was able to go the day after.
That was my Disney adventure.
How much distance did you get on the bike or the dam?
And how's your mom?
Yeah?
Yeah, I know about the name, but I don't know where it is.
Tell me, tell me what exact day.
To buy the ticket.
That's why we're here in the lab.
We helped each other.
It was monse's boyfriend.
Sure to apply to the Masters Program?
So it's... it's
First of all, I was all stressed out.
because I didn't make my reservation.
Pregnant moms try to...
to have their babies here.
Yeah.
My grandpa and my grandma.
They were living here.
They were trying to fix his residency.
and it was weird because he also told me that
I had to be born two weeks ago.
a bachelor's degree in psychology.
and right now I'm working for my license in counseling.
I want to work with the people in prison.
I actually worked in the...
the prison of the center
I worked there.
It was...
interesting.
whatever you want.
Because I was doing the night shift.
It was there from 7 from night to 7 in the morning.
I quit that place.
in February.
That was the first, the first experience that I said okay, so it's gonna be the thing.
I remember that I got out of the selda.
The nurse came and I felt my legs shaking a little bit.
Yeah, yeah.
It was the first time I had an experience like that and the first time I saw something like that.
That, I mean, it worked in my favor to gain experience.
I've never thought about that, I don't know.
I'm from
Ciudad Juarez
I was born in the pass.
but they raised me in Juarez.
Well, yeah.
Well, it depends if I feel like the omelette or not.
Sock coffee.
I don't like the bacon egg.
I don't like...
It doesn't taste the same.
So the texture of the bacon tastes really watery.
I like bacon and eggs, but apart.
And you hear that one all day or some occasions?
I have things to hear at some point, for example.
And dude, for some party, too.
They're icons in there from my 2000.
Yeah, I play the guitar.
We're waiting for the reunion.
I said no, I'm gonna get into singing class and no.
And I saw that I had a mistake that some amount was wrong.
And bring a code, I don't remember which one it was.
No, it was a task that I didn't know.
I don't have a Playstation or an Xbox, but I have the Switch.
Almost, mijo. Do it again.
Yeah, or when I write a- a conclusion, I kind of inspire myself more.
We had to do a homework like writing or rehearsing and I think he put that in order not to get stressed out.
I mean, I've played online, but...
I think it's like a lot of noise.
And apart from the headphones, I feel like they're de- they cancel the sound.
Yeah, well, no.
But what music do you hear?
Do you think it's like a good piece of advice?
So you don't have to wait until a test to find out how you're doing.
What have been like some challenges in your career?
to make friends in CS, especially in your classes.
But also oh, you can meet other CS students at other levels.
They gave me suggestions about how many professors to take.
And I think that's a great suggestion for anyone.
And this professor said how we're gonna have a meeting for the CS group.
that people were like really rude and everything.
They were looking for like out-of-school parties, you know what I mean?
Um, do you give me three tips?
So they told me how I needed to be a CS student to join the club.
Honestly, make friends in the CS department.
Actually, that's the best advice I have.
It would be if you tried to do everything, as soon as you were assigned.
Don't wait at the last minute.
Yeah, just do the jobs as soon as they're assigned to you.
Uh, would you recommend that I visit office hours often?
But how many times in the semester?
But like you don't need them like you don't think you need them.
I was kind of tired, tired, I said no more.
Like, let it end like this, right?
But for the end of the year, that's true.
So, no, we were in the middle of the year.
So that's it.
We ended up and like, I don't know, what do I tell you? We went back three days, right?
Well, this girl got mad.
Well, because I got out.
So I- I- I left.
And he tells me, hey, where are you?
This one, or rather, we were expecting a lot.
Well, I'm telling you, no, I came here at the age of 15.
I don't know, Juanita or someone.
Your girlfriend?
Exactly.
They tell me, no, we're done.
'Cause I don't know, he just got mad at me.
Okay, we're done.
And now there's a big situation.
It was mid-year.
And there's going to be a school trip.
And it was more like quinceañeras and more partying.
We were going to go to southern Mexico, this one.
Oh, just to Guanajuato.
Oh, what a father.
And I said, hey, you know what, I didn't go to put my name on the travel list, do you want to join me?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I see this girl and Enrique.
So he's sitting there and she's in her legs and she's like, like, really expensive.
So I see them and I say that there's no respect.
Of course I thought more things in my head at the time.
So this guy tells me, what are you gonna do? I don't know what?
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm not going to go do everybody's.
I did the most... what I could think of the best.
I took my cell phone, I give them a picture.
And I sent it to Enrique's girlfriend.
when I started working since I was 16.
and I had a handler that I really liked.
He always told us that they're not doing this well, or that he was yelling at us.
I started to work a lot harder.
And he started to give me heavier jobs.
because I needed that job to buy me a car.
Well, I liked hanging out on the roll.
because I wasn't gonna buy it from my mom or my grandma or anyone else, right?
that they promoted me.
And they made me the handler.
and they sent him there to the rubber.
He worked outside.
But they sent him in to the kitchen.
So they took his job.
And that one was given to me.
She's all jealous.
Uh-huh, well, not so much, because I mean, I told her to go, but she didn't like that.
So oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
I had a best friend named Enrique.
But we told him Quique.
Yeah, of course.
That's the exact thing that happened to me.
So I feel like I have to worry about that.
But this happened when I was 16.
Me and my friend Isaac.
Isaac was seventeen.
It was a party in a sketchy neighborhood.
Do you know what government support houses are?
So yesterday you were telling me about a weird experience that you had with the, uh, the police in Mexico.
It was a suspicious neighborhood.
No, it was some in El Paso.
I mean, not in El Paso in the Westside.
So it was in a suspicious neighborhood, right?
We were doing our thing.
We were sixteen. We were celebrating.
Well, if you know, in the area, there were crazy people, I'm not gonna lie to you.
And I remembered a bad experience that I had here in the United States with the police.
There were people making coke and I was like woo.
And they were telling me and I told them, no, I don't want to make coke.
Oh, it was party outside in the garden, mm-hmm-hmm.
And everyone in the group?
They picked me and my friend.
Everyone there was about the same age.
They put us in handcuffs.
Well, let me ask you first.
They told us, uh, get down on the ground, get down on the ground, they had us on the floor.
and they talked like 15 more cops.
Neither that, or that because everyone was already leaving, right?
And I was like, what fart? Like, what's going on?
And they were so ugly, you know what they call me, they call me, shut up.
After a few hours.
What do you think about the police here in the United States?
Yeah, I could, I would try.
to live in different places for more time at a time.
It would just be visiting, it would be...
moving somewhere.
staying there for a few years.
moving somewhere else and like
It seems very difficult.
Well, it's a wish list, then.
I'm gonna add some tough stuff.
I feel like it's something that you could wish for.
if you had a small house.
You have specific places that you want to go.
for type of charity work.
Hmm, being a philanthropist is part of your wish list?
Right.
I don't know the definition of philanthropist.
but it's like dedicating your life to helping the others.
So that could be money or it could be time.
be comfortable, not rich.
but I could still spend a lot of time.
Yeah, there's stuff that you're good at.
things that you want to do.
And it's not always the same things.
I think that a lot of people have on their wish list to travel.
I think it's obvious.
So, traveling outside the United States.
It seems like it can be fun.
I wouldn't say it's something to wish for.
because for a lot of people it's getable.
a specific place I'd say.
But recently I got into Jiu Jitsu.
It's like a very recent martial art.
I've only practiced it for like two months, three months so far.
I think he'd be bragging.
I was in the Varsity Team.
And in general, the martial arts have helped me.
It's a good way to help your mind.
It's not that aggressive in contrast to karate or boxing.
Because they do hit you in the face there.
You got your black tape.
Because you're just using the lower part of your body.
No, I did, but in a combat sport.
It was mostly basketball.
My boyfriend is a Theology exam.
So literally, it just melts metals and does stuff.
He made several and he gave me one, so that's what I charge.
It's like an elephant with its trunk up.
I think I left that one in another bag, so now I don't know.
So you're a very sentimental person.
Like if someone gives me a rock and I say, I keep it forever.
It's like allergy medicine, but in a form of cream.
In case something bites me, I can only...
I thought I forgot my glasses, I was hoping they were here, but no.
I'm gonna do something crazy and not put it where it goes.
Oh, those are cool, but um...
I don't know, I feel like I'm a really tall person.
Actually, I listen to a little bit of everything, but yeah.
It's a type of music that doesn't really have a lyrics, but yeah.
That's great.
I was one more person from Converse and those kind of shoes.
They were in a trend, I don't know.
That's why I wanted to buy them.
That's like five and a half as a kid.
A more cute character.
It's like the switch, but without the removable parts.
It's almost like Sim's, but...
and then we can visit each other.
And I'm taking two classes of graphic design.
Each class is like three and a half hours.
like hidden, but also obvious.
And it's kind of tangled between the hairs.
the one that I used to have was older, so it wasn't working very well.
I stopped for a while, so I have to start over.
Yeah, sometimes I don't have time to do everybody.
And if I feel like I've been in the house for a long time, I go out.
If I feel like I'm getting bored or something, I'm starting to draw.
Sometimes the day is nice and I like to get out.
Yeah, I go outside more at night because there's not that many people.
I have or I have with... with a pencil.
Sometimes I also have um uh pen.
What I draw is what comes out, I don't know.
No, there's not a lot that bothers me.
Yeah, I really like music.
I practice a little bit there in my house, but it's not like it's not the same.
It depends how I feel.
Yeah, I like rock a lot.
I sold some stuff so I could buy a guitar.
that we were moving from San Antonio.
Yes, to my liking.
I don't think I have to buy another one.
Yeah, I draw sometimes what I'm seeing.
Well, I haven't actually seen a lot of movies.
I like playing the guitar, I have a guitar.
I go to the gym or I'm gonna play.
Or sometimes drawing, I also like drawing a lot.
Sleeping too, I like sleeping.
Yeah, I use it for more transportation.
That's a bad idea. They killed a few people.
To improve the planet.
It would definitely be a republic.
I mean, make a UNICEF that actually works.
Humanitarian
Sir, please, you have to stay professional.
that he bought all the entertainment companies and everything.
I would definitely take military action.
But yeah.
I plan to watch this new show called Atack on Titans.
Exactly gentleman and I plan to do that in my break.
[laugh]
Yucatan or
Mexico.
make the countries unify them in a very big and strong nation in my name.
Because I'm a very selfish person. I would like to have all the riches of the world.
Call me a really bad person, but it doesn't sound bad.
I mean.
Uh, it was like a father to get Sabo back in, but uh...
But look at Doflamingo, he's very broken. He's very powerful.
Yeah.
No, no, he's gonna be really important, actually.
Uh, that part was really good.
and that law could barely be able to defend itself.
He's gonna be the one that's gonna have to put this one in the front.
Uh, I think what was really junk was...
Uh, I don't know why everyone admires it, if it's [laugh] it's really bad.
Uh, but he knows what to do when he has to fight.
Yeah.
Uh, you can defend yourself in the competition.
They're supposed to be on the same level when they were these kids, but now...
Yeah, he was weak, but now he's already the strongest of them.
If anyone listens to this audio, they're gonna spoil out of this scene.
That's not true.
Uh-huh.
You're saying that I can't do multitasks, and I can. Yeah, I can, but...
Yeah, I can, and then you don't leave me. It's like, oh, you mess up.
Make a picture, no, just make a line.
I think a son is not a mistake, but he definitely does change your life.
I already beat you. [laugh]
Okay, let's do one and one that you and one me, okay?
[laugh]
[gasp]
It's this trap.
[laugh]
Well, he's on this side, menso.
It's an affective responsibility in the sense that you have to give him...
[laugh] But I already saw it.
Stand up!
No, don't put anything here.
He makes sounds like... with his tongue like, uh, it really bothers me.
It wakes me up. I hate it. With all my being.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it really messes me up a lot.
Okay, but you don't have that color, no, you have to do it in the same color. Wait, it's not true, it's not the same.
You don't let me talk, you never let me talk.
We almost cancelled the plan because I don't know if you remember that you saw in the news that...
Uh-huh.
And I was surprised because when I went to this one, I didn't have anyone.
Yeah, you start.
Stand up, we haven't started yet.
Yeah, I'm starting. We're starting.
Neta?
It's like
Yeah, I have a red one and something like purple.
It's not bad, but it's like... like fried.
Which one do you prefer?
I have the other one.
I have the other one.
The grape doesn't taste bad, it just tastes like whatever.
I don't know, because maybe because I'm better.
I'm gonna make the lines easier for me.
Faster.
No.
I don't know, think about it, think about it.
Well, it's okay, it's okay.
They pay me enough to have a happy life.
I don't know, I don't want them to be like those kids from El Paso that speak Spanish or something like that.
exactly where the truth is, I don't know.
I don't know, it's a- it's a desert.
I'm gonna eat Hershey's first.
Well, if you don't mind, I'm gonna take another bite of...
No, don't eat all the sweet.
But how? How- how- how cold? How- how ice?
The subject was this one that we would do if we won the lottery.
You just happen to like ice cream.
Just like that, you're gonna buy a, uh, an industrial refrigerator with every day in the world.
For snow.
And I know where the microphone was turned off.
But, but, but...
with that kind of money, you can buy a house for $20 a game and then a house.
Do you know what I would buy?
A house for me, obviously.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Business? It's not a business. What?
I wouldn't be arrogant enough to put my name.
If you're okay with like, you're okay with that? No, no master's, no Ph.D.
Yeah, I'd like to, obviously, but...
Go on.
So right away, I don't know, it wouldn't be well won.
Why?
That's the smart answer, because in the end you'd end up with like three million dollars and something.
Really?
I don't know, I remember I downloaded it like that in high school.
This one day, you find a day to play it.
So yeah, it's because sometimes I get bored and because there's no internet sometimes here.
Ah, when you're bored.
Oh it's for you to do, like, fast math in your mind.
It was like some kind of strategy, it was like practice and practice.
Mmm.
[laughter]
And now just this [laughter], I can multiply.
Let's just go look in our phones and see what and see.
I mean, it's a skill. Who knows?
I was.
Well, uh...
So we can communicate and that's why you can download the app.
I keep playing, but this one, I stopped playing it for like two years.
This game for a few months and then I forget it and then I delete it and then I install it. And then again I remember and then I install it and then after a while I play it.
Uh-huh.
I have this app, which is the communist button.
What's that?
The anthem of the USSR.
Wait, not my friend would love to.
They always put it on and then I tell him why.
But someone died, right? Uh, one of them.
But the show is like stuff that happened or is it from the present?
But uh, it's something that happened in real life.
So basically what they did was the, uh, the bodies of this one, if you see, they were preserved, like, on ice.
Yeah, and then this one, because it's like a month ago that the weekend, hey, we're gonna do something for the weekend and then say, no and I have to do something in this place.
Okay, but what's the name of the show?
I know if I've heard of her.
Uh, no, I haven't seen her, but if I know what.
It's about a murder?
Things happen and...
No, let me tell you, I had an exam one day.
This game is going to last about 20 minutes, 15 minutes.
And then my coach told me, what do you have?
Well, he doesn't bring anything, so why? What's wrong with you?
If you want, you go and I'll talk to you when you have to play again.
And I went to this other side to do my exam.
I put... 100. Yeah.
I went. I was sorry. I was eliminated by one of the... of the UNAM.
Yeah, fortunately in that one we didn't have to play again. We won and we won it 3-0.
So I passed like first in my group.
But the tournament, you organize it, because those of the event didn't organize well.
It's like I didn't lose ugly, so the truth could have been worse.
Of Chihuahua, no.
Chihuahua sent, Nuevo León, Sinaloa, Veracruz.
Sadly eliminated, but I brought us two medals.
I played in the Wii, I played Mario's games in the DS.
