It's during the empire.
And then we booked them the next day and I could go the uh the day after.
That was my Disney Vato adventure.
How far did you get on the bike, at the dam?
And how's your mom?
Yeah?
If I know the name, but I don't know where it is.
Tell me, tell me what exact day.
To buy the ticket now.
That's why we're here in the lab.
We help each other.
was monse's boyfriend.
Safe to apply to the Masters Program?
It's so-it's
First I was all stressed out.
Because I hadn't made my reservation.
Pregnant moms try to...
having your babies here.
Yeah.
My grandfather and my grandmother...
They were living here.
They were trying to fix his residence.
and it was weird because he also told me that
I had to be born two weeks ago.
a bachelor's degree in psychology
And right now I'm working for my counseling license.
I want to work with the prison population.
I actually worked at the...
the prison of the center
Work there.
It was...
interesting
whatever you want.
Because I was doing the night shift.
I was there from 7 overnight to 7 in the morning.
I quit that place.
e- in February
That was the first, the first experience I said okay, so it's gonna be the thing.
I remember getting out of the bag.
The nurse came and I felt my legs shaking a little bit.
Yeah, yeah.
Uh, it was the first time I had such an experience and the first time I saw such a thing.
That, I mean, it worked in my favor to grab experience.
I've never thought about that, I don't know.
I'm from
Ciudad Juárez
I was born in the pass...
But I was raised in Juárez.
Well, yes.
Well, it depends if... if I feel like l-the tortilla or not.
Sock coffee.
I don't like bacon egg.
I don't like...
It just doesn't taste the same.
I mean, the texture of... the bacon tastes very watery.
I like bacon and egg, but aside.
And you-you hear that all day or certain occasions?
I have things to hear at a certain time, for example.
And guy, also for some party, a-
They're icons in there from my 2000.
Yeah, I play guitar.
We're waiting for the reunion.
I said no, so I'm gonna get into singing class and I'm not.
And I saw that I had a mistake, that some sum was wrong.
And bring a code, I don't remember what it was.
No, well, yes, it was a task I didn't know.
I don't have Playstation or Xbox, but I mean, I got the Switch.
Almost, mijo, do it again.
Yeah, or when that's how I write a- a conclusion, I kind of inspire myself more this talking.
We had to do a homework like writing or rehearsal, and I think he put that in order not to stress ourselves-- not to overstress us.
I mean, I did play online, but...
It made me a lot of noise.
And besides the hearing aids, I feel like they're de-cancelling the sound.
Yes, then, no.
But what... what music do you hear?
You think that's good advice?
So you wouldn't have to wait until a test to find out how you're doing.
What have been like some challenges in your career?
To make friends at CS, especially in your classes.
But also ah, you can meet other CS students at other levels.
They gave me suggestions about how- which teachers to take.
And I think that's a great suggestion for anyone.
And this professor said how oh we're gonna have a meeting for the- for the CS group.
That people were kind of rude and all.
They were looking for out-of-school parties, you know what I mean?
Um, can I have three tips?
Then they told me I needed to be a CS student to join the club.
Honestly, make friends in the CS department.
Actually, that's the best advice I have.
It would be that you try, do everything, as soon as they assign it to you.
Don't wait at the last minute.
Just do the jobs as soon as they're assigned to you.
Uh, would you recommend visiting office hours frequently?
But how many times a semester?
But as if you don't need them as if you think you don't need them.
I kind of got tired, tired, said no more.
Like, let it end like this, huh?
But by the- by the end of the year true
So, no, we were in the middle of the year.
Then it's over.
We're done and, like, I don't know, what do I tell you?
Well, this girl got angry.
Because I came out.
So I-I-I left.
And he tells me that, hey this one, where are you going?
This one, or rather, we were expecting a lot.
Well, I'm telling you, no, because I came here at the age of 15...
I don't know, Juanita or someone.
Your girlfriend?
Exactly.
They tell me, no, we're done.
Because, I don't know, he just got mad at me.
Okay, we're done.
And now comes an important situation.
It was half a year.
And there's going to be a school trip.
And it was more fifteen year olds, and so, more parties.
We were going south of Mexico, east.
Ah de- precisely to Guanajuato
Oh, what a father.
And I said, hey, you know what, I didn't go write my name down on the travel list, would you join me?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I see, this girl and Henry.
There he sat and she on his legs and so much caramelado no
So, I, I see them and I say disrespect.
Of course I thought more about my head at the time.
So this kid tells me, what are you gonna do, I don't know what
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm not going to do everybody's.
I did the most... uh, what I could think of best.
I took my cell phone, gave them a picture.
And I sent it to Henry's girlfriend.
When I started working since I was sixteen
And I had a... a handler that I really liked.
He always told us that they're not doing this right, or that he was yelling at us.
I started working a lot harder.
And he started giving me heavier jobs.
Because I needed... I needed that job to buy me a car.
Well, I liked to be on the roll.
Because I wasn't gonna buy it from my mom, my grandmother, or anyone else, was I?
who promoted me
And they made me the handler.
And they sent him there, to the rubber.
He worked a-out.
But they sent him inside the kitchen.
Then they took his post from him.
And that one was given to me.
She's all jealous.
Uh-huh, well, not so much, because I meant to tell her to go, but she didn't like that.
So, ay- ay- we imitate secondary characters here.
I had a best friend named Henry.
But we told him Quique.
Yeah, sure.
That's exactly what happened to me.
Then I feel like I have to worry about it ever since.
But this happened when I was 16.
Me and my friend Isaac.
Isaac was seventeen.
It was a party in a sketchy neighborhood.
Do you know what government support houses are?
So, yesterday you were telling me about a weird experience you had with the, uh, police in Mexico.
It was a suspicious neighborhood.
No, they were some in El Paso.
I mean, not in El Paso at the Westside.
So it was in a suspicious neighborhood, right?
We were doing our thing.
We were sixteen, we were celebrating.
Well, if you know the area, there were crazy people. I'm not gonna lie to you.
And I remembered an um a bad experience that I had here in the United States with the police.
There were people making coke and I was like woah
And they were telling me and I told them, no, I don't want to make coke.
Oh, it was partying outside, in the garden, mm-hmm-hmm.
And everyone in the group?
Uh, they picked me and my friend.
Everyone there was about the same age.
They put us in handcuffs.
Well, let me ask you first.
They told us, uh, get down on the floor, get down on the floor.
And they talked about fifteen more cops.
Neither that, nor that because everyone was already leaving, right?
And I was like, what fart?
And they were so ugly, you know what they said, they told me, shut up.
After a few hours...
Uh, what do you think about the police here in the States?
Yeah, I could, I'd try.
to live in different places for longer at the same time.
It would just be visiting, it would be...
moving to a place
Staying there for a few years.
moving somewhere else and so on.
It seems very difficult.
Well, it's a wish list then.
I'm gonna add some tough stuff.
I feel like it's something you might want.
if you had a small house
You have specific places you want to go.
for kind of charity work
Hmm, being a philanthropist is part of your wish list?
Mmm, right.
I don't know the definition of philanthropist.
But it's like dedicating your life to helping others.
Then that could be money or it could be time.
be comfortable, not rich
But I could still spend a lot of this time.
Yeah, there are things you're good at.
things you want to do
And they're not always the same things.
I think a lot of people have on their wish list to travel.
I think it's obvious.
So, traveling outside the United States.
Looks like it can be fun.
I wouldn't say it's something to wish for.
because for many people it is obtainable
a specific place I'd say
But recently I entered Jiu Jitsu.
It's like a very recent martial art.
I've only practiced it for, like, two months, three months so far.
I think I'd be bragging.
I was in the Varsity Team.
And in general, martial arts have helped me.
It's a good way to help your mind.
It's not that aggressive in contrast to karate or box.
Because they do hit you in the face there.
You got your black ribbon.
Because you're just using the lower part of your body.
No, I did, but in a combat sport.
It was mainly basketball.
My boyfriend's a Theology exam.
So literal, no more melting metals and doing things.
He made several and gave me one, so that's what I charge.
It's like an elephant with its trunk up.
I think I left that one in another backpack, so now I don't know.
So you're a very sentimental person.
As if someone gives me a stone and I say, I keep it forever
It's like allergy medicine, but in a cream form.
In case something bites me I can only...
I thought I forgot my glasses, I hoped they were here, but I didn't.
I'm gonna do something crazy and not put it where it goes.
Oh, those are cool, but um...
I don't know, I feel like I'm a very tall person.
Actually, I hear a little bit of everything, but yeah.
It's a kind of music that doesn't really have a lyrics, but yes.
That's great.
I was one more person from Converse and that kind of shoes.
They were on the trend, I don't know.
That's why I wanted to buy them.
That's like five and a half as a kid.
A more tender character
It's like the Switch, but without the removable parts.
It's almost like Sim's, but...
And then we can visit.
And I'm taking two kinds of graphic design.
Each class is about three and a half hours.
as hidden, but also obvious.
And it's kind of tangled between the hair.
The-the one I had earlier was older then I-I didn't-I didn't-it didn't work out very well.
I stopped for-- for a good while, then I have to start over.
Yeah, sometimes it doesn't give me time to do it all.
And if I feel like I've been uh a long time inside the house, uh, then I go out.
If I feel like I'm getting bored or something, I start drawing.
Sometimes the day is fine- nice and I like to go out.
Yeah, I go outside, more at night because there aren't that many people.
I have, or I have, with... with pencil.
Sometimes I also have um uh pen.
What I draw is what comes out, I don't know.
No, there's not a lot that bothers me.
Yeah, I really like music.
I practice a little there in my house, but it's not-it wouldn't be-it's not the same.
Um, it depends how I feel.
Yeah, I like rock a lot.
I sold a few things so I could buy a guitar.
that we were moving from San Antonio.
Yes, to my liking.
I think I don't have to... I don't need to buy another one.
I do sometimes draw what I'm seeing.
Well, actually, I haven't-- I haven't seen a lot of movies.
I like playing guitar, I have a guitar.
I'm going to the gym or I'm going to play.
Or sometimes drawing, I also like drawing a lot.
Sleeping too, [laughter] I like sleeping.
Yeah, I use it to-- more for transportation.
Very bad idea, little people killed.
Improve the planet.
It would definitely be a-a republic.
I mean, make a UNICEF that does work.
Humanitarian
Sir, please, you have to stay professional.
He bought all the entertainment companies and everything.
He'd definitely take military action.
But yes.
I plan to watch this new series called... I don't know if it's been seen by Attack on Titans.
Exactly gentleman and I plan on doing that in my break.
[laughter].
Yucatan or.
Mexico.
Make the countries, unify them into a nation very big and strong in my name.
Because I am a very selfish person. I would like to have all the riches of the world.
Call me a very bad person, but uh ge-uh murder doesn't sound too bad.
I mean.
Uh, it was father getting Sabo back in, but uh...
But look at Doflamingo, this one's too broken.
Yeah.
No, no, I mean, he's gonna be very important, really.
Uh, that part was really good truth.
And that law could barely be able to defend itself.
He's gonna be the one who's gonna have to put this- in front.
Uh, I think what was really crappy was...
Uh, I don't know why everyone admires it, if it's [laughter] it's good bad.
Uh, but he knows what to do when he has to fight.
Yeah.
Uh, you can defend yourself in the competition.
They're supposed to be on the same level when they were these kids, but now...
Yes, he was weak, but now he is already the strongest of all [laughter].
If anyone listens to this audio, pos are going to spoil this scene.
That's not true.
[laughter].
You're saying I can't do multitask.
That I can and then, well, no, you don't leave me that's like, oh, oh, like you mess with me.
Make a picture, no, just make a line.
I think a child is not a mistake, but it definitely does change your life.
I already beat you, so [laughter].
Okay, let's do one and one.
[laughter]
[gasp]
It's this trap.
[laughter]
He's on this side, menso.
It's an affective responsibility, in the sense that you have to give him...
[laughter] But I already saw her!
Stand up!
No, don't put anything here.
He makes sounds like... with his tongue like... he's-he's-he's really pissing me off.
I hate it, with all my being.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it bugs me all-- all that a lot.
Okay, but you don't have that color, no, you have to do it with the same color. Wait, it's not true, it's not the same.
You don't let me talk, you never let me talk!
We almost cancelled the plan precisely because, I don't know if you remember you saw on the news that...
Uh-huh.
And I was surprised because when I went to this, net, there was no-one.
Yeah, you-you start.
Stand up, we haven't started yet.
Yeah, I'm starting-- we're starting.
Neta?
It's like
Yeah, I got a red one and something like... purple.
It's--it's not bad, but... it's like... like fried.
Which one do you prefer?
I got the other one.
I got the other one.
The grape doesn't taste bad, it just tastes like... whatever.
I don't know, because... maybe because I'm better.
I'm going to make the lines easier for me.
Faster.
No.
I don't know, think about it, think about it.
Well, all right, all right.
I get paid enough to have a happy life.
I don't know, I wouldn't want them to be like those kids from El Paso who speak Spanish or something.
exactly where mmm the truth still don't know.
I don't know, it's a-it's a-it was a desert.
I'm going to eat Hershey's first.
Well, if you don't mind, I'm gonna take another bite of...
No, don't eat all the-the-the-sweet.
But... how... how-how cold-hard? How-how ice?
The thing was this one we'd do if we won the lottery.
You just happen to like ice cream.
Just that, you're going to buy a, an industrial refrigerator with every day in the world.
For snow.
And I know where we got the microphone disconnected.
But, but, but...
with that amount of money you can buy a house you give 20 dollars a game and then a house
You know what I'd buy?
A house for me, obviously.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Business, it's not a business.
Mmm, I wouldn't be arrogant enough to put my name on it.
If you're okay like... are you okay with that?
I'd like to, obviously, but...
Go on.
So right away, I don't know, it wouldn't be well earned.
Why?
That's the smart answer, because in the end you'd end up with, like, $3 million and something.
[laughing] Really?
I just don't know, I-I remember I downloaded it like that in high school.
This one day, you yourself find a day to play it and then
So yes, it's just that sometimes I get bored and since there's no internet sometimes here.
Ah, when you're bored
Oh it's for you to do just like, fast math in your mind.
It was like some kind of strategy, it was like practicing and practicing.
Mmm.
[laughing]
And now just this [laughter], I can multiply.
This one, let's just check our phones to see what and see.
I mean, it's a skill, who knows?
I was.
Well, uh...
So we can communicate and so download the app.
I keep playing, but this one, I stopped playing for, like, two years.
This game for a few months and then I forget it and then I delete it and then I install it. And then again I remember and then I install it and then after a while I play it.
Uh-huh, yeah.
I have this app, which is the communist button.
What's that?
The [laugh] anthem of the USSR.
Oh, wait, not my friend would love to.
They always put it on and then I tell him why.
But-but someone died, didn't they?
But the series is like things that happened or is it from the- from the present?
But uh, but it's something that happened in real life.
Basically what they did this was... the-the bodies this if you see them preserved as well as- as on ice.
Yeah, and then this one, since it's-- it's already about a month from that-- that the weekend, hey, we're gonna do something over the weekend and then say, no and I have to do something in this place.
Okay, but what's-- what's the name of the show?
I know if-if-if I've heard of her.
Uh, no, I haven't seen her, but if I know what-- if I...
It's about... a murder?
Things happen and... and...
No, let me tell you, this... I had an exam on... one day.
This game will last about 20 minutes, 15 minutes.
And then my coach told me, so what do you got?
Well, he doesn't bring anything, I mean, why, what's wrong with you?
If you want to go and then I'll talk to you when you have to play again.
And I went to this other side to do my test.
You gave me... 100.
I went I was... pitifully eliminated by one of the... UNAM.
Yeah, fortunately in that we didn't have to play again.
Then I went by as first in my group.
But the tournament, because it organizes it - because there the ones of the event did not organize well.
- It's like I didn't lose ugly either, I mean, it could have been worse the truth.
de- chihuahua no
I mean, Chihuahua sent, Nuevo León, Sinaloa, Veracruz...
Sadly eliminated, but, well, I brought-- I brought us-- I brought two medals.
I played in the Wii, this played Mario games in the DS.
